All right welcome back my the students on the last lecture we modify our form or create form to accept
files right.
So now in this lecture we're going to retrieve that data that comes from the files in our post controller
in their store meant that this is where all that data is coming to.
Right now if you don't have this comment that I'll make sure that you comment all this out.
OK.
And let's get started.
So the way that we received data from a file from the form it's by accessing the object has an object
called requests.
Right.
And we have it up here.
Now this object has a method called File.
And inside this method you got to give it the file name the name value actually you will if you go back
to your form to create form.
We saw the how we gave it.
This is the name of your value is going to be called file.
So we get to the pole.
This is a super global right.
So when this for go global value gets to here remember that we have these files in regular ph be awry
when we have the name right.
And we have you know whatever the file whatever.
So this will put all the value this value right here will be equal to the one that we've got to put
here.
OK.
Now if you return these data and you go to the browser and you look at it this is just going to be a
path with a temporary name.
Let's go and let me show you how that looks.
Let's go here and just you just get a picture ready there.
OK.
And if I click Create we can see the name of our file the path in this name if I go back and try this
again you can see that it keeps changing BHB s w to Y.
Right.
Look at this y to y right let's go back again and try this again.
That keeps changing this is the temporary spacing memory that we have for that file.
Ok there's always going to keep change.
That's another real name of the file.
If you want to return the real name then you have to do a little bit more digging.
So let's apply this array values to an object.
Right.
Let's create this object out of it.
And what we can do is let's just create some Eckles here so you can see the different functionalities
that we can.
I'm not going to show you all of them because there are so many but I'm going to show you a couple so
that where you can get an idea.
Now we pitch the storm and maybe if you have a really good editor idea you can see the recommended you
know methods.
So when I type when I created this object now and I type in the little arrow you can see all the methods
that I'm working at this.
So now if I want to get the original name with this client right I just do this.
And now if I go back and try this.
Now you can see that we get the name of the picture the real name right.
We have so many methods that we can use guys.
Unbelievable.
And you see how easy Lero makes it for us.
All we have to do is type in the no I mean ph B store makes it for us.
We can even inspect the size of the client.
OK.
Let's go back and let's look at the size.
All right of course you might want to create a little functionality where you can convert the bytes
into kilobytes or maybe the text that if he's over certain characters certain numbers you know he's
a megabyte or a gigabyte or whatever and then you might want to not allow certain files in your application
if they are bigger you know then whatever you allow it to be.
So that's something that can be done very easily especially with Larabee.
But anyway so as you can see here we can get a lot of information out and it's very easy to do with
his methods.
You don't have to write a thing from scratch like we used to do before.
OK.
With Nady BHB BHB allows Larabee allows us to access methods that pulls that information out and there's
a lot of things that we can do to this to even create a more to create a better flexible replication
with files.
Right.
So anyway thank you so much for you know watching this lecture and being my student and I'm going to
show you some more stuff in the next lecture is going to be pretty cool.
Thank you